h1. Cream Rails 3 demo app - Active Record

This is app serves to demonstrate how to configure a Rails 3 app for use with Cream and Active Record

h2. Create Rails 3 app without Active Record
<pre>
  $ rails new cream_app --skip-activerecord  
  $ cd cream_app
</pre>

h2. Install Cream

Insert in Gemfile

<pre>
  gem 'cream'
</pre>

Install using bundler

<pre>$ bundle install</pre>

A set of gems related to Cream are installed...
<pre>
  Using cancan (1.4.1)
  Using cancan-permits (0.3.6)
  Using cancan-rest-links (0.2.0)
  Using devise (1.1.5) 
  Using devise-links (0.2.1)
  Using cream (0.7.8)  
</pre>

<pre>
  $ rails g
</pre>

Now we have a lot of interesting generators at our disposal related to Cream
<pre>
  Cancan:
    cancan:config
    cancan:license
    cancan:licenses
    cancan:permit
    cancan:permits
    cancan:restlinks

  Cream:
    cream:app
    cream:full_config

  Devise:
    devise
    devise:config
    devise:install
    devise:links
    devise:users
    devise:views  
    
  Permits:
    permits:config

  Roles:
    roles:config    
</pre>         

h2. Check the run options for the main generator

Check out the options available when running the cream:full_config generator

<pre>
  $ rails generate cream:full_config -h
</pre>

The --orm and --strategy options are essential.

h2. Do a Full Cream configuration of the app

The following will set up the app using: 
* a simple role_string role strategy (role attribute of type String on the User model)
* mongoid as the ORM
* create a devise Admin user that inherits from User 

<pre>
  $ rails g cream:full_config --orm active_record --strategy role_string --admin-user
</pre>

_Note:_ You can leave out the orm option as Active Record is the default orm.

Run migrations

<pre>
  $ rake db:migrate
</pre>

Note you can also supply the -m option to the 'cream:full_config' generator in order to autorun migrations as the final step ;)

h2. Start the server

Ready to rock!

<pre>
  $ rails server
</pre>

From here on, read the README of the individual subproject that Cream consists of, such as *devise*, *cancan*, *cancan-permits* and so on to enhance this application. 

Note: Currently there is even no devise routes in this app!
